Virtual Workshop update post and event (#440)
USRSE/usrse.github.io: _posts/2021-04-14-virtual-workshop-announcement.md

If you would like to present at the workshop, please see the [Call for Proposals](#call-for-proposals) below. If you would like to serve as a reviewer, please see the [Call for Reviewers](#call-for-reviewers) below.

## Important Dates

> - May 3, 2021, 11:59pm ET: Deadline for abstract submission and reviewer application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- May 3, 2021, 11:59 pm ET: Deadline for abstract submission and reviewer application
```
